1) What is VueJs
	A popular JavaScript Framework for building user interface.
	The core Vue libary is focused on doing one things and doing that one thing really well which is building user interfaces
	Vue does not focus on the other aspects of your application like routing or HTTP requests
	Vue has rich eco system of other powerful libaries that you can integrate
	Vuex npm package for complex state management, Vue router for routing, Vuetify for UI elements and a lot more
	
2) Why VueJs
	Vue currently has 1785K GitHub starts - the third most starred GitHub repository in the world.
	Thousands of developers around the world enjoy working with Vue.
	You are going to find solutions to most of the problems that you face.
	
	1. Vue is approachable
		Familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript
		Add a script tag with a reference to vueJs and start building Vue applications
		Vue Devtools which gives insight into your apps
		Vue CLI with which you can quickly scaffold and manage projects 
		Vue also has a component based architecture
		Vue is declarative
		Vue will make it painless for you to create complex user interface by abstracting away the difficult parts.
	2. Vue is versatile
		Create powerful single page applications from scratch using build tools like webpack.
		Incorporate Vue into your existing legacy projects and make progressive enhancement.
	3. Vue is performant
		Vue measures just 20KB minified and gzipped at runtime.
		Better performance because of virtual DOM.
		
Vue is a framework built by taking the good parts from a lot of other libraries and frameworks and then improving where necessary
Vue is going to a great addition to your skillset.

Prerequisites
HTML + CSS and JavaScript fundamentals
ES6 + features
A knowledge of modern JavaScript

Four ways to add Vue
	1. CDN package
		<script src="https://unpkg.com/vue@next"></script>
	2. npm 
		npm install vue@next
		-> Preferred approach over CDN when building large scale applications with Vue
	3. Vue CLI
		Vue provides an official CLI for quickly scaffolding single page applications
			npm install -g @vue/cli 
			vue create <project-name>
	4. Vite 
		An opinionated web dev build tool that serves your code via native ES Module imports
		Your code is erved at a lightning fast speed and you get nearly instant hot module replacement
			npm init vite-app <project-name>

Approach chosen for this series
	 CDN     -> 	incorporate Vue into a really old legacy code base or quickly prototype
	 npm     -> 	is the recommended approach for building large scale applications with Vue
best	Vue CLI ->	Takes only a few minutes to get up and running with hot-reload, lint-on-save, and production-ready builds.
	 Vite  	->	Its currently in the beta version.

Setting up with Vue CLI
	1. yarn global add @vue/cli 
	2. vue create hello-world
	3. cd hello-world
	4. yarn serve